He is my person, silly silly silly
His people, he may mean that I am his employee, employee, and the boss’s boss.
That's right. people
Self-concubine, future concubine
You can start with your own brain
A piece of regret.
I came here and regretted it. I wanted to move too much.
That's the kind of color you have
Than I come to the rest.
Doesn't look like a big disciple
You did him a lot today
He will definitely take revenge
Some people are like that
I'm sorry. Did I tell him?
If I can deal with it a little better,
Get rid of these things about evil marriage
You preside over the transgression
You push and retreat
He's still not afraid of quitting if he doesn't answer the question.
Things will happen sooner
yes i know
Brother Amu’s business power is earlier
Amu Ge's market is not important to me
It doesn't matter whether we cooperate or not.
for me
most important